Imagine driving through town and a coupon is delivered to your cell phone for a restaraunt near where you are driving. Would you accept that coupon and take a short detour to the restaraunt? Would you accept the coupon but use it on a sunbsequent trip? Would you ignore the coupon entirely? What if the coupon was for a bar instead of a restaraunt? What about a coffee house? Would you accept a bar coupon with a minor passenger in the car? What about if it was just you and your partner in the car? Would weather impact the rate of acceptance? What about the time of day?
Obviously, proximity to the business is a factor on whether the coupon is delivered to the driver or not, but what are the factors that determine whether a driver accepts the coupon once it is delivered to them? How would you determine whether a driver is likely to accept a coupon?In this project, we explore 'Whether a customer will accept coupon or not. This information will help company to send coupons to customers to nearby destinations and increase sale. The survey describes different driving scenarios, including the destination, current time, weather, passenger, etc., and then asks people whether they will accept the coupon if they are the driver. Answers given that the users will drive there “right away” or “later before the coupon expires” are labeled as “Y = 1”, and answers “no, I do not want the coupon” are labeled as “Y = 0”. There are five different types of coupons—less expensive restaurants (under $20), coffee houses, carry out and take away, bars, and more expensive restaurants ($20–$50).

Conclusion: People who are under age of 25 , visits bar more than 3 times in a month, are unemployed and has a friend or employed who has a partner travelling with them and they work in occupation in Sales related and management are most likely to accept coupons


### Data Description
Keep in mind that these values mentioned below are average values.

The attributes of this data set include:
1. User attributes
    -  Gender: male, female
    -  Age: below 21, 21 to 25, 26 to 30, etc.
    -  Marital Status: single, married partner, unmarried partner, or widowed
    -  Number of children: 0, 1, or more than 1
    -  Education: high school, bachelors degree, associates degree, or graduate degree
    -  Occupation: architecture & engineering, business & financial, etc.
    -  Annual income: less than \\$12500, \\$12500 - \\$24999, \\$25000 - \\$37499, etc.
    -  Number of times that he/she goes to a bar: 0, less than 1, 1 to 3, 4 to 8 or greater than 8
    -  Number of times that he/she buys takeaway food: 0, less than 1, 1 to 3, 4 to 8 or greater
    than 8
    -  Number of times that he/she goes to a coffee house: 0, less than 1, 1 to 3, 4 to 8 or
    greater than 8
    -  Number of times that he/she eats at a restaurant with average expense less than \\$20 per
    person: 0, less than 1, 1 to 3, 4 to 8 or greater than 8
    -  Number of times that he/she goes to a bar: 0, less than 1, 1 to 3, 4 to 8 or greater than 8
    

2. Contextual attributes
    - Driving destination: home, work, or no urgent destination
    - Location of user, coupon and destination: we provide a map to show the geographical
    location of the user, destination, and the venue, and we mark the distance between each
    two places with time of driving. The user can see whether the venue is in the same
    direction as the destination.
    - Weather: sunny, rainy, or snowy
    - Temperature: 30F, 55F, or 80F
    - Time: 10AM, 2PM, or 6PM
    - Passenger: alone, partner, kid(s), or friend(s)


3. Coupon attributes
    - time before it expires: 2 hours or one day
    
